Sewellels are medium-sized terrestrial rodents, with no postorbital process to the skull, which is depressed in form, and rootless cheek-teeth, among which the premolars number I, the first in the upper jaw being very small.
The members of this genus were small or medium-sized ungulates with single-rooted incisors.
It was black and white, as hairy as a skye-terrier, and as large as a medium-sized spaniel.
They are all small or medium-sized mountain ruminants, for the most part European and Asiatic, but with one North American representative.
P. Gerardiana, a north-west Himalayan species, is a medium-sized tree with a conical head, growing on the more elevated parts of the mountain range; it furnishes edible seeds.
Apart from the Tartarides, the Pedipalpi are large or medium-sized Arachnida, nocturnal in habits and spending the day under stones, logs of wood or loosened bark.
Baboons are for the most part large terrestrial monkeys with short or medium-sized tails, and long naked dog-like muzzles, in the truncated extremity of which are pierced the nostrils.
There are the neat and elegant animals, like the descendants of Saunterer and Sweetmeat; the large-framed, plain-looking, and heavy-headed Melbournes, often with lop ears; the descendants of Birdcatcher, full of quality, and of more than average stature, though sometimes disfigured with curby hocks; and the medium-sized but withal speedy descendants of Touchstone, though in some cases characterized by somewhat loaded shoulders.
We will provide targeted help for small and medium sized abattoirs.
We are now using the last remaining medium-sized abattoir in Worcestershire.
Firstly, the entries are more like short to medium-sized essays, rather than witty aphorisms.
It was a medium sized room with a motley assortment of aging SGI and PC hardware lining the walls, all running Linux.
beat 2 medium-sized eggs with a tbs water.
These medium-sized mill towns breed a sordid viciousness which makes gangsters seem as benign as Robin Hood and the East Side a cultural paradise.
Clusters of medium sized white very fragrant blooms, each having a hint of cream at the heart of the flower.
Huge proportions complete with a medium sized detachable carryall top section.
The big grill allows you to grill 2 medium sized chicken breasts as well as vegetables and fruits all at the same time.
cobweb solutions Limited was formed in 1996 to provide hosted services to small and medium sized businesses.
Jacket potato with cheese and coleslaw: 1 medium-sized jacket potato with 4tbsp reduced-calorie coleslaw, 3tbsp grated reduced-fat cheese and salad.
It is an ultra compact, reliable solution designed to allow small and medium-sized enterprises to easily backup and restore their data as needed.